Add happy-case/happy path walkthrough to user docs (#323)
jupyter-server/jupyter-scheduler: docs/users/index.md

and checking that both the `jupyter_scheduler` server extension and the
`@jupyterlab/scheduler` prebuilt lab extension are enabled.

## Use

Jupyter Scheduler runs Jupyter notebooks in the background, either once or on a schedule. You can create *jobs* (single run of an individual notebook) and *job definitions* (scheduled recurring notebook jobs). When the scheduler runs your notebook, it makes a copy of the input file. The scheduler uses unique names for the input and output files so that rerunning the same notebook produces new files every time.

### Creating a job or job definition

#### Choose a notebook

>    - To create a *job* or *job definition* from a file browser, right-click on a notebook in the file browser and choose “Create Notebook Job” from the context menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a *job* or *job definition* from a file browser, right-click on a notebook in the file browser and choose “Create Notebook Job” from the context menu:
```

![“Create Notebook Job” button in the file browser context menu](./images/create_job_from_filebrowser.png)

>    - To create a *job* or *job definition* from an open notebook, click on a “Create a notebook job” button in the top toolbar of the open notebook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a *job* or *job definition* from an open notebook, click on a “Create a notebook job” button in the top toolbar of the open notebook:
```

![“Create a notebook job” button in the top toolbar of the open Notebook](./images/create_job_from_notebook.png)

#### Submit the Create Job form

Give your notebook job or job definition a name, choose an environment to run it in, select its output formats, and provide parameters that are set as local variables when your notebook gets executed. This parameterized execution is similar to the one used in [Papermill](https://papermill.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

>    - To create a *job*, select "Run now" in the "Schedule" section, and click "Create".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a *job* that runs once, select "Run now" in the "Schedule" section, and click "Create".
```

   !["Create Job Form"](./images/create_job_form.png)

>    - To create a *job definition* that runs repeatedly on a schedule, select "Run on a schedule" in the "Schedule" section. You can use shortcuts to, for example, run your notebook every hour or every day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a *job definition* that runs repeatedly on a schedule, select "Run on a schedule" in the "Schedule" section. You can use shortcuts to, for example, run your notebook every hour or every day.
```

   !["Run on schedule"](./images/run_on_schedule.png)

>    You can also specify a custom schedule in [crontab format](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/crontab.5.html) by selecting "Custom schedule" in the "Interval" drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can also specify a custom schedule in [crontab format](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/crontab.5.html) by selecting "Custom schedule" in the "Interval" drop-down menu.
```

This whitespace change forces this to appear as a separate paragraph.

>    You can also specify a custom schedule in [crontab format](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/crontab.5.html) by selecting "Custom schedule" in "Interval" drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also specify a custom schedule in [crontab format](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/crontab.5.html) by selecting "Custom schedule" in the "Interval" drop-down menu.
```

   !["Custom schedule option"](./images/custom_schedule.png)

### Using list view

> Once you’ve created a job or job schedule, you can use the “Notebook Jobs” icon on the launcher to view lists of jobs and job definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created a job or job schedule, you can use the "Notebook Jobs" icon in the launcher to view lists of jobs and job definitions.
```

!["Launcher with Notebook Jobs icon in Other section"](./images/launcher.png)

Each item's name links to a detail view.

!["Job name as a link in each column"](./images/item_name.png)

> You can sort the list by clicking one of the headers (for example, click "Job name" header to sort the list alphabetically based on "Job Name").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can sort the list by clicking one of the headers (for example, click the "Job name" header to sort the list alphabetically based on "Job Name").
```

> Each items name links to a detail view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each item's name links to a detail view.
```

!["Notebook Jobs list sorted alphabetically after Job Name header is clicked"](./images/headers.png)

> You can also delete each job or pause its execution in the list by clicking appropriate buttons in "Actions" column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also delete each job or stop a running job by clicking the buttons in the "Actions" column. The job definitions list also has a button to pause and resume a job definition. Paused job definitions do not start jobs.
```

!["Delete and Stop buttons in Actions column"](./images/actions_list.png)

> When one of your jobs has completed, you can download its files by clicking "Download job files" button in "Ouput files" column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one of your jobs has completed, you can download its input and output files by clicking the "Download job files" button in the "Output files" column.
```

!["Download button in Output Files column"](./images/download_button.png)

> After download is finished, you can access the downloaded files through links that appear instead of "Download job files" button in "Output files" column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking the download button, links to files appear in the "Input file" and "Output files" columns.
```

You could also revise `downloaded_files.png` to include the "Input file" column, where a link appears

!["Links to downloaded files in Output Files column after download is finished"](./images/downloaded_files.png)

> ### Using details view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Details view
```

> You can click job or job definition name in the list view to see its details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can click the job or job definition name in the list view to see details.
```

> - Job Detail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Job detail
```

> Job Definition detail page displays information about particular job and provides access to action buttons with which you can reload the state of the job, stop the job (if it's in progress), download output files (if it's finished), and delete a job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job detail page displays information about one job. It includes action buttons to reload the detail view, stop the job (if it's in progress), download output files (if it's finished), and delete a job.
```

!["Action buttons in job detail view"](./images/actions_job_details.png)

> - Jod Definition Detail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Job definition detail
```

> Job Definition detail page displays information about particular job definition, provides access to action buttons, and list of jobs created by this job definition.
> 
> You can reload the state of the job definition, run the job based on the input file snapshot, pause the creation of new jobs, edit job definition or delete it by clicking appropriate buttons on top of the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job definition detail page displays information about one job definition. It includes action buttons to reload, pause, resume, edit, and delete the job definition. It also includes a list of jobs created by this job definition.

You can run a new job based on the input file snapshot by clicking the "Run Job" button on top of the detail view.
```
